Update log-streaming.md (#1348)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/log-streaming.md

# Log streaming

!!! info "Feature availability"

> 	Log streaming is only available on Enterprise plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Log streaming is available on Enterprise self-hosted plans.
```
